Q1) What are some of the parts of this lab that are insanely insecure?\
A: the first thing that comes to mind is the fact that passwords are stored in cleartext in the config file, this is not good. 
another issue is that it does not support TLS currently. this is an issue because an attacker can preform MITM to steal credentials 
or just intercept traffic in general. Thirdly, and this ties in with the last point, the sever does not have a valid certificate 
making it impossible to Accurately determine if you are connected to the actual sever. Finally the communication between the client 
and sever is over UDP so the traffic is not encrypted.

Q2) What would your next steps be to make them more secure?
A: I think the most straight forward addition is to enable TLSv1.3 and get the sever a proper certificate that can be used 
in the TLS protocol. this would make communication with the sever and client secure while also ensuring that the sever is 
validated before any credentials are handed off.

Q3) What are some features in this lab that make it somewhat secure?
A: one future that makes this somewhat secure is when you give either a incorrect username or password, the request is 
rejected and it does not distinguish which field was incorrect. this will help prevent attackers from guessing credentials. 
The only other thing I can think of is that is requires a username and password which is more secure than nothing.

Q4) what did I Learn?
Connor:
A: I learned a few things, most of it has been around what the docker application does and how to use it, but more generally, I learned why Docker
is a powerful tool and how it can be leveraged to preform many different things. The most interesting to me was learning how it can be used in
a micro-service environment which has many security benefits. What I probably struggled with the most in this lab was figuring out how these containers connected to the internet, and how I though my client could connect with them without having to use the docker application. I felt really dumb when I realized that all I needed to do was just connect to localhost:port# but It was cool getting to understand how containers 
can bind with ports on the client. I also learned a bit of what its like to work with a radius sever, and how to interact with the 
configuration file. getting the chance to edit this config file gave me a much better idea of how radius severs are set up. 
It also showed me just how easy it is to mess something up and cause misconfigurations that could leave significant vulnerability. 
With regards to radius, I think the most important lesson I learned is that a Radius sever is useless if 
the configurations are poorly set up.
